#Familiar with symfony MVC

I think you know what's the meaning of MVC which is a well-known term.

1. M - model
2. V - view
3. C - controller

All these three stuffs we will meet with in symfony framework.

In traditional php development, a page means a .php file. But, in symfony, it seems a bit different.

How can we create a page in symfony?

Because this default symfony project contains lots of files and directory. For you as a newbie, at a first glance, you will be lost.

So let us have a brief idea about symfony project structure.

##Symfony project structure

If your memory can not contain so much information below, you can skip this section. I will guide you in the project development step by step.

In the root directory of the project. there are several files.

* composer.json - it's for composer to manage dependencies.
* composer.lock - generated by composer to lock current state.
* README.md - as the name is.
* LICENSE - as the name is.

There are several folders in the root.

* app - contains configuation,console,cache,logs etc.
* web - public folder for web site contains assetics and entry php scripts.
* src - user source codes will be put into this folder
* bin - some thirty-party binary could be put into this folder
* vendor - contains thirty-party php libraires and bundles.

Let us briefly check app folder

* AppCache.php - it's for cache usage. Default is not used.
* bootstrap.php.cache - for symfony application bootstrap.
* config [folder] - as the name is, contains various configs.
* phpunit.xml.dist - have you any idea about phpunit testing?
* AppKernel.php - Kernel of app, as the name states, it's important. As app begins to run, kernel will load bundles here.
* cache [folder] - the name you can see right? needs write permission for web server.
* console - executes symfony CLI cmds.
* Resources - yeah, app level resources for symfony app.
* autoload.php - including this file to autload namespaces and classes 
* check.php - check whether your current php env are fully fit for symfony framework or not.
* logs - yes. logs something for your diagnosis. nees write permission for web server.
* SymfonyRequirements.php - You should not change it. but, you can view it.

Ok. Let us pay attension to src folder a little bit.

This folder default only contains one folder by the name Acme. 

What does it means?

It means a name for one Vendor. For example, Kendoctor, Microsoft, Sony etc.

Enter into Acme you will see DemoBundle which means a Bundle provided by vendor Acme.

Enter DemoBundle, you will see commonly used bundle structure, such as

* Controller - It's "C" here. 
* Entity - It's "M" here.
* Form - Form classes for creating forms
* Resources - "V" in this folder, aslo contains bundle-level resources here.
* Tests - Do you know?
* Others - It's not important to describe everthing here now.

Folder "Vendor" as the name is, 3-party php libraies and bundles located in this directory. You can check by yourself. Not necessary to know here.

OK. It's time to let us make our hands to move.

##Generate a bundle and create a page now

Above, we have introduced what is a bundle. Bundle is just like a java .jar package, or just like a windows .dll, which contains classes, functions, resources etc, we can reuse them from bundle.

Now, create a bundle via CLI cmd.

```
$ php app/console generate:bundle --namespace=Kendoctor/CmsBundle --format=yml
```

This cmd takes two options here

* namespace - {VendorName}/{BundleName}Bundle
* format - tells bundle generator to use yaml format configuration

If you are not familiar with yaml, take it easy, I will discuss in the process.

Issue this cmd, follow the instructions prompted. 

* Bundle name [KendoctorCmsBundle]: - Enter go on
* Target directory - Go on
* Do you want to generate the whole directory structure ? - as you like
* Format "yml" - Yes
* Confirm automatic update of your Kernel ? - yes. This will append your bundle in Kernel loading. It's necessary to let bundle work. Also you can manually do it. Check app/AppKernel.php to see what was happened.
* Confirm automatic update of the routing ? - yes. What's the routing. Just a minute.

Finally we got a KendoctorCmsBundle.

```
Kendoctor
└── CmsBundle
    ├── Controller
    │   └── DefaultController.php
    ├── DependencyInjection
    │   ├── Configuration.php
    │   └── KendoctorCmsExtension.php
    ├── KendoctorCmsBundle.php
    ├── Resources
    │   ├── config
    │   │   ├── routing.yml
    │   │   └── services.yml
    │   └── views
    │       └── Default
    │           └── index.html.twig
    └── Tests
        └── Controller
            └── DefaultControllerTest.php
```











